Improve rbac/roles documentation (#4071)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/rbac/roles.md

(roles)=

> 

Reviewer: I believe this  is actually required for cross-linking from other documents, and shouldn't be removed.

Author: Ah, yes! I was going to ask.

I saw this, and didn't know what the purpose was. Naturally, I took it out...instead of asking for clarification. 🤦🏽‍♀️

In hindsight, that's a really dumb thing to do.

**These roles cannot be deleted.**
```

> These roles are so named because they have a default collection of scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We call these 'default' roles because they are available by default and have a default collection of scopes.
```

**Services** \
Services do not have a default role. Services without roles have no access to the guarded API end-points, so most services will require assignment of a role in order to function.
Services do not have a default role. Services without roles have no access to the guarded API end-points. So, most services will require assignment of a role in order to function.

**Groups** \
A group does not require any role, and has no roles by default. If a user is a member of a group, they automatically inherit any of the group's permissions (see {ref}`resolving-roles-scopes-target` for more details). This is useful for assigning a set of common permissions to several users.

**Tokens** \
A token’s permissions are evaluated based on their owning entity. Since a token is always issued for a user or service, it can never have more permissions than its owner. If no specific scopes are requested for a new token, the token is assigned the scopes of the `token` role.

> (define-role-target)=

Reviewer: Same here and everywhere - none of these should be removed.

A good tip in general: If you're not sure what a bit of code is, probably don't remove it. It's likely there for a reason. It's always okay to ask!

Author: Well, here's a tip that might save my job one day. 😅 Thanks a million!
